docs/SETUP.md, before:

> [Bootstrap](#bootstrap) \
> [Hello World](#create-a-hello-world)


# Bootstrap

Import .jar with library and natives from [releases](/releases) or build from [sources](/). \

Create folder structure on your project:
>    assets/\
>    res/

**assets**: Folder for save all assets from your project.\
**res:** Folder for save all resources a like texts, layouts, icons, themes, etc.

![ProjectStructure](https://imgur.com/Dkhckpg.png)

**IMPORTANT:** Ouput folders need follow that structure too.

# Create a Hello World

For make a simple hello world:

```java

public class Example extends Activity {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Application.initialize(Example::new);
    }

    @Override
    public void onCreate() {
        super.onCreate();
        TextView view = new TextView(this);
        view.setText("Hello world");
        view.setGravity(Gravity.CENTER);
        view.setTextSize(32);
        view.setBackground(new ColorDrawable(Color.RED));
        setContentView(view);
    }
}

```
![Preview](https://imgur.com/AhU9Cge.png)

# Create a UI with XML.

For create complex UIs you can use XMLs, first you need create your layout file `res/layout/example.xml`, that is a example of a simple Hello world layout:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<FrameLayout
    width="match_parent"
    height="match_parent"
    background="?colorSurface"
    orientation="horizontal">
  <Button
    width="wrap_content"
    height="wrap_content"
    layoutGravity="center"
    textSize="16dp"
    text="Hello World"/>
</FrameLayout>
```

For import that layout, you can use ``setContentView(layoutId)`` in your activity.

```java

@Override
public void onCreate() {
    super.onCreate();
    setContentView("example");
}

```

![Preview](https://imgur.com/1Vd9SCU.png)

### Change widgets from a xml layout.

For access and edit nodes created from xml layout, you can use method: ``findViewById('NODE_ID')``, and set tag id in your xml code, example:

```xml
  <TextView
    id="NODE_ID"
    width="match_parent"
    height="match_parent"
    text="Hello world"/>
```

Commit message:

Dev Merge - 22 MAY 2023 (#7)
* Update docs

* LayerListDrawable: size and gravity

* NinePath implement

* Implement Launch

 - Now for change activity you can use: Launch.
- HardwareSurface: Allow render things directly to Framebuffer.
- Better menu implment.
- XML Menu

* Parcel put

+ Parcel put
+ Organization things

* Clip

+ Canvas context fix.
+ CardLayout
+ Customize 4 sides of rounded rect.

* ActivityStack

* Customize font

* Fix native-image build (broken nanovg config)

* Fix activity stack

- Add suport to pre set activity creators

* fix activity stack (+1)

* Better font loader

+ Better resources cache implement.
+ Better font loader
+ Fix image size in ImageView

* Several Looper Fix

+ Recerete Looper system.
+ Focus navigate.
+ Italic and bold.
+ Shader crash in windows devices

docs/SETUP.md, after:

> [Bootstrap](#bootstrap) \
> [Hello World](#create-a-hello-world) \
> [Access xml nodes from java](#access-xml-views-from-java)


# Bootstrap

Import .jar with library and natives from [releases](https://github.com/GabrielBRDeveloper/MasterUI/releases/) or build from [sources](/).

Create folder structure on your project:
>    assets/\
>    res/

**assets**: Folder for save all assets from your project.\
**res:** Folder for save all resources a like texts, layouts, icons, themes, etc.

![ProjectStructure](https://imgur.com/Dkhckpg.png)

**IMPORTANT:** Ouput folders need follow that structure too.

# Create a Hello World

For make a simple hello world:

```java

public class Example extends Activity {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Application.initialize(Example::new);
    }

    @Override
    public void onCreate() {
        super.onCreate();
        TextView view = new TextView(this);
        view.setText("Hello world");
        view.setGravity(Gravity.CENTER);
        view.setTextSize(32);
        view.setBackground(new ColorDrawable(Color.RED));
        setContentView(view);
    }
}

```
![Preview](https://imgur.com/AhU9Cge.png)

# Create a UI with XML.

For create complex UIs you can use XMLs, first you need create your layout file `res/layout/example.xml`, that is a example of a simple Hello world layout:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<FrameLayout
    width="match_parent"
    height="match_parent"
    background="?colorSurface"
    orientation="horizontal">
  <Button
    width="wrap_content"
    height="wrap_content"
    layoutGravity="center"
    textSize="16dp"
    text="Hello World"/>
</FrameLayout>
```

For import that layout, you can use ``setContentView(layoutId)`` in your activity.

```java

@Override
public void onCreate() {
    super.onCreate();
    setContentView("example");
}

```

![Preview](https://imgur.com/1Vd9SCU.png)

# Access XML Views from Java

For access and edit nodes created from xml layout, you can use method: ``findViewById('NODE_ID')``, and set tag id in your xml code, example:

```xml
  <TextView
    id="NODE_ID"
    width="match_parent"
    height="match_parent"
    text="Hello world"/>
```

```java
@Override
public void onCreate() {
    super.onCreate();
    setContentView("example");
    ((TextView)findViewById("NODE_ID")).setText("New text");
}
```

All views has a method ``findViewById('id')`` for find a child with specific id.
